Hello everyone and welcome to the bootstrap project.
But this project you'll be recreating a landing page and a sign in page that takes advantage of a lot
of Bitstrips features that we've been covering throughout the section of the course.
We should do is open the bootstrap underscore project underscore made that reached him.
File in your browser and it's located under the bootstrap folder.
Remember that you can either tackle this project on your own at first or just follow along with the
solutions lecturer whichever you prefer.
Let's take a quick look at the project page what it's about.
And then you can decide how you want to approach it.
I want to hop to my browser now.
OK so here I have open in my browser the bootstrap underscore project underscore main that each Tim
L file and this file actually contains all the instructions that you're going to need.
So I would recommend copying the full path to this file and pasting it into your browser and leaving
this as instructions.
You can follow as you create a new HTML file to actually follow along with.
All right so what are we actually doing here.
We're creaminess coffee lover project for bootstrap and we're going to be doing is recreating this web
page an additional form page.
And there's actually all the instructions that you're doing here.
So you're going to first create a general landing page for Jumbotron as I've done here.
Then you can create a nav bar on the page that links to another himself file.
So here we can see the welcome nav bar and if I click seinen it takes me to another h tim l file which
is this project sign up page.
So going back here to the landing page were you going to be doing is adding two paragraphs of Lorem
Ipsum to the Jumbotron which we have over here.
They're actually outside of the Jumbotron.
You can add them inside the dome.
And next you're going to use the grid system to add in thumbnail pictures of coffee and I've listed
the source of the actual coffee pictures.
And there's also image links here so image link one if you click on it it takes you directly to this
image.
That way you can either download them or just copy and paste this image file.
It's up to you.
But again you're going to use image tags and then copy in these six pictures of coffee.
So here it can kind of think of this as some sort of coffee lovers blog where there's different pictures
of coffee.
But what's important here is that you're actually going to be discovering a new class of bootstrap on
your own.
So this is an actual practice of referencing the documentation for something you haven't done before.
And in this case you're going to be looking up the thumbnail class for Bootstrap which is going to help
you a lot actually organize these images and give them this nice little border.
OK.
Then after that you're going to make sure that the largest settings have three columns of pictures so
here I can see I'm taking up three columns in total.
That's four four and four if we think back to the grid system.
And then the next row also has three total columns that means three pictures for four and four out of
those 12 columns.
And the other requirement is that on the smaller screen setting you should still have two columns and
it's up to you where you want to make the change as far as where the actual breakpoint happens.
But what I really am concerned about is if we minimize this.
So if I shrink this down the smallest possible size scroll all the way down here.
I still have two columns each.
So it's going to be six and six.
Six and six six and six.
So keep that in mind.
One of the requirements that on the largest setting it's three on a smaller setting.
It's two and it's up to you where you want to actually make the break point.
You can have it break at medium Breguet small etc. but an extra small.
It should have those two in and the largest It should have these three.
OK then you're going to create another h team l file for the sign up page and it's going to be a form
with an e-mail password and a checkbox.
We've actually seen it.
But if you click right here on the sign and page we see a little Jumbotron here and has this e-mail
the password and keep me locked in and submit.
All right.
So that's it.
And I want you to feel free to really play around this project style add more to your liking.
But the main focus of this project are adding in the nav bar adding in the Jumbotron adding in the form
on a site and page the container and the grid system.
So notice everything here is in a container.
That way it's in the middle of a page in the grid system along with a thumbnail class.
You're going to be discovering on your own here actually has the pictures of coffee looking nice and
organized.
OK.
Again totally up to you if you want to attempt this instructions on your own before looking at the solutions
lecture or if you like a more laid back tutorial style than just skip doing it on your own and follow
along with solutions lecture.
That's coming up next.
OK.
You have any questions feel free to post in that Q&A forums.
And I'm happy to help you out.
Thanks everybody.
And I'll see at the next lecture.